Eye-area concerns are divided into three main categories: dark circles, eye wrinkles,
and eye bags.
Each area has two typical types,
so there are a total of six typical eye area problems.
How do we determine which type we have,
what ingredients to use to address it,
and how do we choose products?
Today, we'll talk about
the 3+1 anti-aging method for eye area care.
Before providing a detailed discussion on Eye-area care—
specifically how it should be managed
and the methods involved—
we need to understand one thing clearly:
why do we need separate care for the eye area？
How is it different from the skin on our face ?
What are its special characteristics?
Let me show you two pictures.
This is our facial skin,
and this is the skin around our eyes.
We can see that,
firstly,
the overall thickness of the
skin around the eyes is about 2/3 thinner than facial skin.
That is,
the skin around the eyes is only 1/3 the thickness of facial skin.
Because it's so thin,
it's prone to sensitivity.
So, some products
might not feel bad on your face,
but when you apply them to the eye area,
they feel tingling.
Secondly, we can see that the skin around the eyes
doesn't have sebaceous glands,
meaning it doesn't produce oil.
Without oil,
the sebum film in this area is incomplete
and lacks moisture,
making your skin very dry.
This is why… The skin around the eyes
can be drier than the rest of the face.
Therefore,
When applying eye cream,
when choosing an eye cream,
it needs to have a higher oil content and be more moisturizing than facial products.
to meet the hydration needs of the eye area.
Did you know that
we blink tens of thousands of times a day?
Dry, thin skin,
stretched and pulled every day,
What does it eventually become?
As a result, the eye area exhibits skin laxity.
This is why the first wrinkles
often appear around the eyes.
But that 's not all.
You can see the structure of the skin around the eyes.
Although it's thin and dry, lacking sebaceous glands and a sebum film,
it has many blood vessels.
This rich blood supply means that
when you stay up late, are stressed, or don't get enough sleep,
your microcirculation is greatly affected.
This affects the circulatory system,
reducing the oxygen content in the blood vessels.
As a result,
the blood vessels become more bluish-purple.
Under these conditions of light scattering and refraction,
you'll see dark circles under your eyes.
If circulation becomes even less efficient,
the fluid that should normally flow back into the bloodstream—
the body’s tissue fluid—
may not drain properly.
It will stay around the eye area,
causing swelling and puffiness,
which leads to eye bags.
So,
the unique structure of the skin around the eyes
determines the unique nature of eye area problems.
These issues like eye wrinkles, eye bags, and dark circles
don't occur on the face.
I've seen some bloggers say
that eye creams are a waste of money
and that face cream is enough.
For this issue,
But my opinion is slightly different.
I think we can't dismiss this entirely.
Those eye creams and face creams with
the same formula but different bottles
are definitely scams.
Formulas specifically made for the eye area
are tailored to the unique structure of the eye area,
and these are definitely not a waste of money.
Okay, now that we've explained the structure and principles of the eye area,
let's talk about
the specific types of eye area problems
and their corresponding solutions.
to help everyone identify their own situation
and find appropriate solutions,
I've divided eye area problems into
three main categories: dark circles, eye wrinkles, and eye bags.
Below, I'll explain in detail
what ingredients and solutions correspond to each type of eye area problem.
Let's talk about dark circles first.
There are two types of dark circles:
vascular dark circles
and pigmented dark circles.
How do we distinguish between them?
First, find a mirror and
place it close to you.
Then,gently press the area around your eyes with your finger.
gently press the area around your eyes with your finger.
If, when you press,
the dark circles appear to lighten in color
or even return to your skin tone at a certain angle,
then you have vascular dark circles.
Vascular dark circles
aren't actually a real dark circle;
they're not a pigment deposit.
They're caused by changes in the composition of
the capillaries around your eyes.
When we stay up late, experience stress,
or lack sleep,
microcirculation is obstructed and slows down.
This increases the amount of deoxygenated hemoglobin in the blood vessels,
causing the blood in the capillaries to appear bluish-purple.
Especially since the skin around the eyes is thin,
it looks like there's a layer of bluish-purple dark circles
through this thin skin.
The reason they temporarily disappear or lighten when you press
is because
you're flattening the blood vessels when you press them,
making them invisible.
The color inside the blood vessels has changed,
making it appear lighter.
As mentioned earlier,
the main cause of vascular dark circles is
poor circulation due to lack of sleep and stress from staying up late.
Therefore,
our solution for vascular dark circles
is to adjust and improve the microcirculation around the eyes.
A very typical ingredient
in this is caffeine.
Just as drinking coffee
promotes circulation in our body,
topical caffeine
also promotes local subcutaneous microcirculation.
It can help reduce blood stagnation
and allow blood to flow more freely.
This increases the oxygen content in the blood,
making it appear lighter.
Besides caffeine,
there are several other common circulation-promoting ingredients that I've listed for your reference.
These ingredients are hesperidin,
Hesperidin Methyl Chalcone, nicotinamide,
and Aesculus Hippocastanum (Horse Chestnut) Seed Extract or Escin.
These ingredients work similarly to caffeine
by altering local microcirculation
to improve vascular dark circles.
However,
there are two special cases of vascular dark circles.
One is when you have allergic rhinitis,
because you have a long-term nasal congestion.
This congestion causes blood vessels near the nose to become congested,
which hinders blood flow to the microcirculation around your eyes.
When circulation is hindered,
blood oxygen saturation decreases,
and it appears bluish-purple.
You'll develop vascular dark circles.
The solution to this is to avoid using eye creams
and instead focus on treating your rhinitis.
Once the rhinitis is gone,
the dark circles will naturally disappear.
There's also a very special case:
a very small number of people have structural dark circles
due to naturally shallow blood vessels.
This can even occur in young children,
where they have dark circles under their eyes.
For this type,
eye creams aren't very effective;
physical concealer is the only option.
Now,
let's talk about pigmented dark circles.
Pigmented dark circles
are the ones you just encountered
when you press them with your finger.
No matter how you press,
they don't change color at any angle;
they remain a uniform,
brownish color. If it's black,
then you have pigmented dark circles.
The color of pigmented dark circles,
this color,
if you zoom in and look closely,
you'll find it's a dirty color,
as if it's a mixture of many colors.
This is because the color of pigmented dark circles
doesn't primarily come from melanin,
but rather from a mixture of Biliverdin,Bilirubin,iron ions, and hemosiderin
—the color of your pigmented dark circles.
So how is it caused?
We just mentioned vascular dark circles,
which are caused by poor circulation
due to staying up late, stress,
and lack of sleep.
This is the color that appears on the eyes the eyes.
If we don't take this seriously and
continue to stay up late
and experience stress.
If you continue to work hard and
lack sleep,
your capillaries, which are already thin,
will not be able to withstand the pressure.
They will become fragile,
and some blood cells will migrate to the tissues surrounding the blood vessels.
These blood cells,
especially red blood cells,
cannot survive,
if they leave the blood vessels;
they will die.
then,the hemoglobin will detach from the cell,
the hemoglobin will detach from the cell,
and the heme on the hemoglobin
will become free in our skin tissue.
In this tissue,
it will degrade
into biliverdin,
which will further degrade into bilirubin and iron ions.
These iron ions are also restless;
they will be further engulfed
to form ferrous iron.
So,what colors are
the substances we just mentioned?
Heme is red,
biliverdin is green,
and bilirubin is orange.
What color is hemosiderin, which is further degraded into ferrous sulfate?
It's yellowish-brown.
And what color is it
when all these colors are mixed together？
That's right, it's brownish-black.
Therefore, if you want to improve pigmented dark circles,
you need to work on these pigments.
There's a particularly targeted ingredient here,
from the French raw material manufacturer Sederma,
called Haloxyl.
Haloxyl is actually a mixture composed of four components.
Four components,
One of these components is responsible for capturing the
iron ions that easily turn into ferrous sulfate.
After capturing them, they are complexed,
preventing the formation of ferrous sulfate.
The iron ions that form the hemosiderin complex
are easily metabolized and eliminated from our bodies,
thus clearing the color.
The second component in Haloxyl,
what does it do?
It can promote the activity
of an enzyme called UGT in our bodies,
making it more active.
This enzyme helps clear bilirubin. In
this way,
the two most stubborn colors
in the multi-pigment reaction chain are cleared,
and the remaining two will also be metabolized more quickly.
How do we determine if an eye cream
contains Haloxyl?
We look at whether these four ingredients
are present in the formula of your eye cream.
Having discussed dark circles,
let's talk about wrinkles.
Actually, in the previous episode,
when we discussed the 3+1 anti-aging method,
We've discussed wrinkles,
dividing them into two main categories:
pseudo-wrinkles (expression lines) and Static Wrinkles.
Eye wrinkles are similarly categorized.
Common crow’s feet appear when we smile.
Even when we are not making facial expressions,
some wrinkles are still present
and are considered Static Wrinkles.
Under-eye wrinkles are another common type.
The solutions are largely the same as for facial wrinkles.
For instance, for Dynamic Wrinkles (Expression Lines),
we can use various peptides like Acetyl Hexapeptide-8,
Dipeptide Diaminobutyroyl Benzylamide Diacetate, and SNAP-8 / Octapeptide-3
to reduce facial contractions
and lighten the wrinkles.
For Static Wrinkles,
such as under-eye wrinkles,
retinol
or collagen
and elastin are also suitable.
However, the difference lies in the ingredients used for facial wrinkles.
When used in eye creams,
the concentration and dosage will vary.
As mentioned earlier,
the skin around the eyes is relatively thin,
making it more susceptible to irritation.
Therefore, when using ingredients like the Vitamin A family
in eye creams,
we typically don't use very high concentrations
to avoid irritation.
So, you'll see that most eye creams containing Vitamin A have a concentration
between 0.1% and 0.3%,
because higher concentrations
can cause significant irritation—
even more so  and elastin are also suitable.
However, there's another point I want to make:
although the skin around the eyes is thin,
its stratum corneum is very dense.
This means that although it's thin,
it's still easily irritated.
However, these larger molecules
are not easily absorbed.
This is why
when you use eye cream,
if you want to combine it with
ingredients like collagen, elastin , or PDRN,
you must use a corresponding penetration-enhancing system.
Without the appropriate absorption and penetration-enhancing technology,
these large molecules will remain on the outside of the skin
and won't penetrate, so they are ineffective.
Finally, let's talk about the most difficult type of eye bag.
Eye bags are divided into two types:
Edematous Eye Bags
and fatty eye bags.
They are actually quite easy to distinguish in terms of
their characteristics because they occur in different locations
and have different sizes and shapes.
Edematous Eye Bags
often involve swelling of both the upper and lower eyelids.
For example,
if you ate something salty the night before,
or cried while watching a TV series,
and then you wake up the next morning
to find that your upper and lower eyelids
are swollen ,
this is a typical case of Edematous Eye Bags.
Edematous Eye Bags
are generally related to circulation,
so they often appear together with vascular dark circles.
As we just mentioned,
for example, if you stay up late,
have insomnia, lack sleep, or are under a lot of stress,
your circulatory system will be obstructed, and the return speed
of water in the tissues around your eyes,
like blood, will slow down.
Don't worry,
let me explain what this return flow is all about.
Once you understand what this return flow is,
you'll understand what Edematous Eye Bags are.
Our body has three major circulatory systems:
tissue fluid,
plasma, and lymph.
Our blood contains
plasma,
which normally carries nutrients and other substances to flow into tissues such as our skin. When these nutrients
into tissues such as our skin.
When these nutrients reach this area,
they will jump out of the blood vessels
and flow into the tissues.
After the tissues have absorbed all these nutrients,
the remaining fluid... It flows back into the blood vessels;
this process is called reflux.
If your circulation is obstructed,
the reflux speed slows down,
and the water will remain in the tissues.
The more it flows and the more it accumulates,
the more edema you get.
Therefore, the root cause of edema-type eye bags
is still circulation issues.
It overlaps somewhat
with the solutions for vascular dark circles.
As mentioned earlier, things that promote circulation,
such as caffeine,
hesperidin,
and Hesperidin Methyl Chalcone,
can all improve Edematous Eye Bags.
But besides these ingredients,
there is another ingredient on the market specifically for Edematous Eye Bags
there is another ingredient on the market specifically for edema-type eye bags
called Eyeliss.
Eyeliss
is composed of two peptides and hesperidin
methyl chalcone.
When these three ingredients are together,
they can promote tissue fluid reflux,
inhibit inflammatory factors, and tighten the skin around the eyes,
gradually improving your eye bags.
If you want to determine if your eye cream contains Eyeliss,
check if these three ingredients
are present in your eye cream formula.
The second type of eye bags is fatty eye bags
is completely different from that of Edematous Eye Bags.
generally,
It grow below the area of ​​your lower eyelid ( the "silkworm" area),
meaning they don't overlap with the lower eyelid.
This is completely different from the location of Edematous Eye Bags.
This is completely different from the location of  Edematous Eye Bags.
Furthermore,
fatty eye bags usually present a relatively regular,
inverted crescent shape,
located above your cheekbone,
very symmetrically on both sides.
Fatty eye bags don't grow later in life;
they are naturally present around our eyes.
Actually ,
there are three fat pads
around our eyeballs.
The purpose of these fat pads
is to prevent friction between the eyeball and the orbital bone;
they exist to absorb shock.
However, if we frequently stay up late, are overworked,
or get older,
the elasticity of the fascia around the eyes decreases,
and the framework separating these fat pads,
the framework separating these fat pads,
It also loosens.
Imagine the outside can't hold it tight anymore,
and the inside can't contain it,
so it bulges out from the skin's surface.
After bulging,
you'll see
this piece of fat protruding from your eyelid skin
—that's a fatty eye bag.
I want say,
Unfortunately,
if your fatty eye bags are already very noticeable,
very large,
and mature,
skincare products alone won't be able to improve them.
Surgery or other cosmetic procedures may be necessary.
However, if they are still mild and superficial,
some ingredients can help with fat metabolism,
such as extracts from Fucus Vesiculosus Extract.
Eye creams containing these ingredients
can help metabolize early-stage fatty eye bags.
However,
these effects are ultimately relatively mild
and only visible in very early-stage fatty eye bags.
only visible in very early-stage fatty eye bags.
Having discussed the three main types,
you're probably eager to hear,
how to choose the right product.
Eye creams are divided into two types:
single-function eye creams that address only one problem,
such as those targeting wrinkles
or dark circles;
and comprehensive eye creams
that address multiple problems simultaneously,
such as those targeting both dark circles and wrinkles.
Let's first discuss
single-function eye creams that address only one problem.
For example, there are two pretty good
eye creams specifically for dark circles:
one is Dermasensa Vitamin K Super Eye Cream,
and the other is The Ordinary Caffeine Solution5% + EGCG,
and this eye cream
both use ingredients that target both
pigmented and vascular dark circles.
So, if you often stay up late
and are frequently sleep-deprived,
these two eye creams are suitable.
However,
there's one eye cream on the market that
I find quite perplexing:
Eucerin's Tiamento eye cream.
It claims to lighten dark circles,
but the only active ingredient it contains is Tiamento.
We know Tiamento
is a whitening ingredient that inhibits melanin production,
but as mentioned earlier,
the pigmentation issue in dark circles
is primarily melanin,
no,
so it misses the mark.
Furthermore, Tiamento requires alcohol to dissolve,
and alcohol in eye creams
can increase irritation around the eyes.
Therefore, I don't recommend this one.
There are many other eye creams recommended
for addressing wrinkles,
such as Neutrogena Retinol Boost Eye cream,
and Elixir Enriched Wrinkle Cream.
Both of them
only contain Vitamin A as an active ingredient,
meaning they only target true wrinkles.
However,
I don't particularly recommend this type,
because few people only have true wrinkles;
most people have both
true and false wrinkles simultaneously.
So,
if you only use Vitamin A to improve true wrinkles,
it's a bit one-sided.
Another classic and expensive
eye cream for improving wrinkles
is Helena Rubinstein RePlasty Age Recovery Eye Bandage.
this eye cream,
Rather than targeting true wrinkles,
I think it's more like an eye cream for a combination of problems caused by aging, such as the skin around the eyes becoming drier, more sensitive, thinner, and looser.
However,
it has the same problem as the two eye creams mentioned related to false wrinkles.
Therefore,
it's more suitable for mature skin.
Regarding eye wrinkles,
I highly recommend
Paula's Choice eye cream.
Its formula contains ingredients relevant
to both true and false wrinkles,
making it quite comprehensive.
Okay,
that concludes our discussion of single-type eye creams for dark circles and wrinkles.
Unfortunately,
there aren't many eye creams
on the market specifically designed for eye bags;
instead,
they're often added as part of a comprehensive eye cream to address various eye bag issues.
eye bag issues
So,
let's talk about comprehensive eye creams
—those that can cover and
solve multiple problems at once. First, there are two eye
creams
with very comprehensive and excellent ingredients that
I highly recommend .
One is FILORGA Optim-Eyes Eye Contour.
It uses Haloxyl,
which targets pigmented dark circles,
and Eyeliss, which targets puffy eye bags.
These are the two special ingredients we specifically introduced earlier in the video
when discussing the different types and solutions;
This eye cream improves Pigmented Dark Circles,
and Edematous Eye Bags,
Besides these two ingredients,
the eye cream contains Vitamin A.
So you can see it has ingredients to address
Pigmented Dark Circles,
eye wrinkles,
and Eye Bags.
There are specific ingredients designed to help improve it.
There's also the Yu Xi Gold Eye Cream,
nicknamed the "Laughing Eye Cream."
Its ingredients and formula are very solid and classic,
covering eye circles,
eye wrinkles,and Edematous Eye Bags
It's a comprehensive eye cream.
There are several others,
such as Clarins Total Eye Lift Replenishing Eye Concentrate,
which covers Dynamic Wrinkles (Expression Lines),
vascular dark circles, and Edematous Eye Bag.
La Mer The Lifting Eye Cream,
has ingredients to address all types
except Static Wrinkles,
though the concentration isn't very high.
Shiseido Vital Perfection Uplifting & Firming Eye Cream,
covers two types of dark circles,
Edematous Eye Bags, and Static Wrinkles.
L'Oréal also has two comprehensive eye creams,
L'OREAL PARIS Revitalift Filler HA Eye Cream
L'oreal AGE PERFECT Nectar Royal Golden Supplement Eye Cream,
both covering two types of wrinkles,
vascular dark circles, and Edematous Eye Bags.
Additionally,
if you can buy... Regarding products sold in mainland China,
some eye creams are of good quality,
such as Peterson's lab Eye Cream,
UNISKIN Smile Eye Cream,
and HBN Eye Cream, etc.
Speaking of which,
there's something I want to specifically discuss with everyone:
many big brands,
such as Estée Lauder and Lancôme,
release many eye cream products
under the same brand,
and they seem
to have many ingredients and
cover similar functions.
But how do you judge them?
Actually, different ingredients and different concentrations
will show different efficacy strengths.
However, because there are so many types of ingredients,
their correspondences are also very complex.
So I've compiled a table
containing more than 30 of
the best-selling eye creams on the market,
and I've noted in it
what ingredients they contain
that cover what functions.
Interested friends can download
this summary table
from the members' area forum.
Here are two examples:
Estée Lauder Advanced Night Repair Eye Gel Cream
and Estée Lauder Re-Nutriv Ultimate Lift Regenerating Youth Eye Creme.
Compared to the gold eye cream,the Youth Eye Creme
specifically adds ingredients like botulinum toxin-like peptides
to target Dynamic Wrinkles,
and uses Decarboxy Carnosine HCL
and antioxidant lactobacillus extract
to target true wrinkles.
In contrast,
Estée Lauder Advanced Night Repair Eye Gel Cream
only uses one peptide, Leptocin, to target true wrinkles.
Doesn't the platinum eye cream seem to have a more comprehensive effect?
​​Also, Kiehl's eye creams,
like Super Multi-Corrective Eye Zone Treatment,
add Matrixyl dual peptide,
Pro-Xylane, and plant retinol
to target wrinkles,
which is significantly more comprehensive
and potent
than the anti-wrinkle eye cream that
only adds adenosine and copper PCA.
OK，
this concludes the introduction to
the 3+1 anti-aging method.
Here, I want to reiterate
that the 3+1 anti-aging method
does not actually originate from any authoritative institution
's published professional
papers or literature.
Instead, it is a summary of my own knowledge system,
various research progress,
and my many years of clinical
and front-line R&D experience.
This is a set of methods,
so
if you find what I'm saying interesting or helpful,
please
like, subscribe, and join my
membership channel. It's now officially operational,
and every month there will be 1-3 episodes of
one-on-one Q&A podcasts for members.
I will select representative
questions that might be helpful to other listeners and
provide detailed, one-on-one verbal answers.
If you like asking questions,
welcome to join my membership area.